feat: Support external IIIF URLs in resource creation and update (DEV-3341) (#3131)
dasch-swiss/dsp-api: docs/02-dsp-ontologies/knora-base.md

- `originalMimeType` (0-1): The original MIME type of the file when it was uploaded to the Knora API server.

- `isPreview` (0-1): A boolean indicating whether the file is a preview, i.e. a small image representing the contents of
  the file. A preview is always a `StillImageAbstractFileValue`, regardless of the type of the enclosing `Representation`.

The subclasses of `FileValue`, which are intended to be used directly in data, include:

> - `StillImageAbstractFileValue`: Contains metadata about a still image file, which can be either `StillImageFileValue` (an image stored in Sipi) or `StillImageExternalFileValue` (a reference to an image stored in an external IIIF service).

Reviewer: I'm ok with it like this, but I would argue that the two subclasses would also warrant their own bullet point

- `originalMimeType` (0-1): The original MIME type of the file when it was uploaded to the Knora API server.

- `isPreview` (0-1): A boolean indicating whether the file is a preview, i.e. a small image representing the contents of
  the file. A preview is always a `StillImageAbstractFileValue`, regardless of the type of the enclosing `Representation`.

The subclasses of `FileValue`, which are intended to be used directly in data, include:

> - `StillImageAbstractFileValue`: Contains metadata about a still image file, whicih cen be either `StillImageFileValue` or `StillImageExternalFileValue`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `StillImageAbstractFileValue`: Contains metadata about a still image file, which can be either `StillImageFileValue` or `StillImageExternalFileValue`.
```
